CLICKWRAP SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Version March 31, 2020

***IF LICENSEE HAS PREVIOUSLY AGREED IN WRITING TO A SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
WITH LICENSOR THAT SPECIFICALLY GOVERNS USE OF THE PROGRAM(S), SUCH SOFTWARE 
LICENSE AGREEMENT SUPERSEDES AND REPLACES THIS CLICKWRAP SOFTWARE LICENSE 
AGREEMENT, AND THIS CLICKWRAP SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT IS VOID.***

If you have a previous written software license agreement as described in the 
preceding paragraph, you may proceed with installation by clicking the "I 
AGREE" button (or the button below otherwise indicating your agreement to the 
terms).

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING OR ANY TERM OF A WRITTEN SOFTWARE LICENSE 
AGREEMENT, OTHER THAN A NEW TECHNOLOGY EXPLORATION LICENSE AND NONDISCLOSURE 
AGREEMENT ("WRITTEN BETA AGREEMENT"), LICENSEE IS NOT ENTITLED TO USE BETA 
VERSIONS OF THE PROGRAM(S) UNDER THE TERMS OF A WRITTEN SOFTWARE LICENSE 
AGREEMENT. THIS CLICKWRAP SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT SOLELY GOVERNS USE OF BETA 
VERSIONS OF THE PROGRAM(S) EXCEPT IF YOU HAVE A WRITTEN BETA AGREEMENT.  IF YOU 
HAVE A WRITTEN BETA AGREEMENT, THE TERMS OF THE WRITTEN BETA AGREEMENT WOULD 
SUPERSEDE AND REPLACE THIS CLICKWRAP SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

If you require a printed version of this Clickwrap Software License Agreement 
prior to accepting these terms and conditions, please print this Clickwrap 
Software License Agreement and click "I DO NOT AGREE" (or the button below 
otherwise indicating that you do not accept the terms) and go to LICENSE.TXT in 
the installation to retrieve and print this Clickwrap Software License 
Agreement. 



READ THIS CLICKWRAP SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE 
PROCEEDING.  THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN LICENSEE AND LICENSOR 
FOR LICENSEE TO USE THE PROGRAM(S), AND IT INCLUDES DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTY AND 
LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.



BY CLICKING THE "I AGREE" BUTTON LICENSEE'S AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE LEGALLY 
BINDS LICENSEE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.  



IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, CLICK THE "I DO NOT 
AGREE" BUTTON INDICATING NON-ACCEPTANCE, PROMPTLY REMOVE THE PROGRAM(S) FROM 
LICENSEE'S COMPUTER(S) AND RETURN THE SOFTWARE AND ALL RELATED DISKS AND 
DOCUMENTATION WITHIN THIRTY (30) DAYS TO LICENSOR, OR ITS AUTHORIZED CHANNEL 
PARTNER FROM WHOM LICENSEE OBTAINED THE PROGRAM(S), AND LICENSEE WILL RECEIVE A 
FULL REFUND. 



1. DEFINITIONS

A.      "Affiliate" of a company means any person or other entity directly or 
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control of such company. 
 A joint venture shall not be considered an Affiliate of either party.

B.      "Beta Version" means a pre-release version of the Program(s). 

C.      "Channel Partner" means Licensor's Affiliate or an unaffiliated 
business entity that is authorized by Licensor to distribute and/or support 
Program(s).  

D.      "Contract User(s)" means an individual or entity, not a regular 
employee of Licensee, who is engaged to perform Licensee's internal data 
processing services.

E.      "Data" means information relating to (i) materials (i.e. matter from 
which a thing is composed or can be made) that belongs to Licensor, its 
Affiliates or suppliers that Licensor makes available to users of the 
Program(s), or (ii) simulation results, inputs, outputs or other information 
that may be created or inputted by the Licensee and that is available to users 
of the Program(s).

F.      "Database" means an organized collection of Data that enables Licensee 
to easily access the Data.

G.      "Designated Network" means the local area network identified per the 
License Key, or, if the Program(s) are not controlled by a License Key, the 
local area network/computer on which Licensee intends to install the Program(s) 
as initially identified by Licensee to Licensor or Channel Partner.

H.      "Designated Site" means Licensee's physical location where use of the 
Program(s) is authorized by Licensor.

I.      "Effective Date of Program(s)" means the date specified in the License 
Key as the start date for the Program(s).  If there is no License Key, then 
"Effective Date of Program(s)" means the date on which the Program(s) were 
first installed by Licensee.

J.      "LAN License" means a license of the Program(s) that permits Licensee's 
and its Affiliates' employees and Contract Users located within a 25-mile 
(40-km) radius of the Designated Site to use the Program(s).

J.      "Lease License" means a license with a fixed expiration date, with a 
License Term commencing on the Effective Date of Program(s) and ending on the 
date specified in the License Key or, for Program(s) not containing a License 
Key, for the lesser of one (1) year or the Program(s)' built-in expiration 
date, and which may renew pursuant to Section 3 below.

K.      "License Key" means a software licensing management and security tool 
or other device that Licensor uses to allow Licensee access to the Program(s) 
and which may have an expiration date.

L.      "License Term" means the period during which Licensee is authorized to 
use Program(s) in accordance with the applicable license grant.

M.      "License Type" means either a LAN License or WAN License.  Except as 
otherwise indicated by Licensor or Channel Partner excluding Named User 
Licenses, the License Type will be deemed to be a LAN License.  Except as 
otherwise indicated by Licensor or Channel Partner, the License Type for a 
Named User License will be deemed to be a global WAN License.

N.      "Licensee" means the person or entity entering into this Agreement 
through its authorized representative by clicking the "I AGREE" button and who 
is authorized by Licensor to use the Program(s), including Licensee's 
Affiliates. 

O.       "Licensor" means ANSYS, Inc.

P.      "Manual" means Licensor's most current user manual(s).

Q.      "Named User" means an employee or Contract User of the Licensee or its 
Affiliate, who has been authorized by Licensee to be a user of the Program and 
who is identifiable as a unique user by his or her e-mail address.

R.      "Named User License" means a license that authorizes a single Named 
User to use a single Program.

S.      "Paid-Up License" means a license that has a License Term commencing on 
the Effective Date of Program(s) and continuing in perpetuity unless earlier 
terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  Only Program(s) 
containing a License Key with no expiration date will have a "Paid-Up License" 
License Term. 

T.      "Program(s)" means the software programs being installed pursuant to 
this Agreement and as identified in the License Key, if applicable, including 
any accompanying documentation and any Technical Enhancements to such software 
programs.  Certain Program(s) may require the use of a relational database 
management system and/or a cross-platform document-oriented database program 
(collectively referred to as "Database Program(s)").  Database Program(s) are 
not included with the Program(s).

U.      "TECS" or "Technical Enhancements and Customer Support" means the 
services described in Section 9(a) below, which will be provided to Licensee at 
Licensor's sole option and upon payment of any applicable fees.

V.      "WAN License" means a license of the Program(s) that permits Licensee's 
and its Affiliates' employees and Contract Users located greater than 25-miles 
(40-km) from the Designated Site as specified in the Quotation to use the 
Program(s).



2. GRANT

(a)     Subject to Licensee's continued compliance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, upon Licensee's clicking the "I AGREE" button, 
Licensor grants to Licensee a nonassignable, nonexclusive, nontransferable 
right and license, without the right to grant sublicenses, to use the 
Program(s), for the License Term, and within the scope of the License Type.

(b)     For all licenses that are not Named User Licenses, Licensee shall have 
the right to use the number of simultaneous tasks or active processes specified 
in the License Key.  For Program(s) licensed without License Keys, then the 
number of simultaneous tasks authorized by Licensor shall be one.

(c)     For Named User Licenses, Licensee may only allow Named Users to use the 
Program(s).  Designation of Named Users will be determined by Licensee.  Each 
Named User will have a username and password to access his or her Named User 
License(s).  For each Named User License, a Named User will be authorized to 
install a Program on only one computer or workstations for which the Named User 
is the primary user.  A Named User may not share his or her Named User 
License(s) with any other person, including other Named Users.  Named Users may 
reasonably be changed by Licensee during the License Term for a Subscription 
License provided that such change does not result in Licensee exceeding the 
number of Named User Licenses it has procured.  If Licensee has procured a 
Paid-Up License but is not current on TECS for the Named User License, Licensor 
may permit Licensee to change Named Users provided that such change will not 
result in Licensee exceeding the number of Named User Licenses it has procured. 
 

(d)     Licensee will use the Program(s) only for Licensee's own internal data 
processing purposes and will not make all or any part of any Program(s) 
available to any third party other than to Contract Users, solely for the 
purpose of supporting Licensee's internal data processing.  Internal data 
processing purposes includes using the Program(s) for providing consulting 
services to third parties but does not include providing data processing 
services, serving as an application service provider, or providing batch 
processing services.

(e)     Licensor is not conveying to Licensee any title, ownership, copyright 
or any other intellectual property rights in or related to Program(s), and 
Licensor reserves all rights in and to the Program(s) which are not expressly 
granted in writing by Licensor to Licensee.

(f)     Licensee will not permit the use of the Program(s) by persons other 
than its employees and its Contract Users.  Licensee is responsible for use of 
the Program(s) by Contract Users and for ensuring that the Contract Users (i) 
use the Program(s) only to perform internal data processing services for 
Licensee and (ii) agree to and comply with the terms of this Agreement.  

(g)     Licensee is responsible for installation of the Program(s).  Licensee 
may make copies of the Program(s) only as are necessary for Licensee's back-up 
or archival purposes.  In no event will Licensee remove or modify any copyright 
notices or other proprietary markings contained within the Program(s) and will 
ensure that such notices are reproduced within all copies of the Program(s).

(h)     Licensee's license for the use of the Program(s) is further limited as 
follows: 

(i)     Evaluation License: If, in Licensor's sole discretion given the 
totality of the circumstances surrounding Licensor's provision of the 
Program(s), Licensee has obtained the Program(s) for evaluation purposes 
("Evaluation License"), then Licensee will only use the Program(s) for the 
purpose of internal demonstration and evaluation, and not for production or 
commercial purposes, in order to determine whether Licensee desires to purchase 
a license for the Program(s).

(ii)    Educational License: If, in Licensor's sole discretion given the 
totality of the circumstances surrounding Licensor's provision of the 
Program(s), Licensee is licensing the Program(s) for educational purposes 
("Educational License"), then Licensee will not use or permit the use of the 
Program(s) for commercial purposes, including but not limited to consulting, 
and will only use the Programs for:  student instruction; student projects; 
student demonstrations; and research projects that will be non-proprietary.   
Where Licensee is using the Program(s) for research projects, Licensee will 
submit a Case Study at least one month prior to the end of the License Term.  
The Case Study will be in English, contain a title and an abstract, and 
include: (1) the purpose of the study; (2) the approach used to conduct the 
study; (3) the results obtained; (4) the conclusion as to the results obtained 
versus the objective of the study; (5) how the Program(s) contributed to the 
study; (6) three color graphics of the model and meshes; and (7) the Program(s) 
input files or session log file.  Large files should be submitted on a CD ROM.
(iii)   Beta License: If, in Licensor's sole discretion given the totality of 
the circumstances surrounding Licensor's provision of the Program(s), Licensee 
has obtained a Beta Version of the Program(s) ("Beta License"), then Licensee 
will only use the Beta License for the purpose of internal evaluation and 
exploration, and not for production or commercial purposes, in order to provide 
feedback to Licensor regarding the Program(s) and its operation.  The License 
Term for such Beta License is a maximum of three (3) months. In consideration 
of Beta Licenses granted herein, Licensee agrees as follows:

Licensee shall report to Licensor any malfunctions, bugs, errors of functional 
deficiencies in the Program(s) ("Program Deficiency(ies)") detected while 
evaluating the Program(s), (e.g. if the Program(s) is not performing in 
accordance with Licensor's specifications); and

Licensee may provide suggestions, observations, feedback, commentary, 
recommended use cases or other statements (collectively, the "Feedback") to 
Licensor concerning the Program(s) or other information provided by Licensor.  
Licensee agrees that any Feedback shall be given on an entirely voluntary basis 
and will not, absent a separate agreement, create any confidentiality 
obligation for Licensor.  In no event shall Feedback be considered Licensee's 
Confidential Information. If Licensee encounters any Program Deficiencies, it 
shall report such instances to Licensor; and

Licensor shall be free to disclose and use the Licensee's Feedback and the 
contents of Licensee's reports of Program Deficiencies as it sees fit, without 
any obligation of any kind to the Licensee.

(iv)    Warranties for Evaluation and Educational Licenses:  For Evaluation and 
Educational Licenses, the Program(s) IS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS IS" WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  LICENSOR AND THE CHANNEL PARTNER AND THEIR RESPECTIVE 
SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR 
REPRESENTATIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN), WITH RESPECT TO THE 
PROGRAM(S) OR ANY PART THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY AND ALL 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR 
FITNESS OR SUITABILITY FOR ANY PURPOSE (whether or not Licensor or the Channel 
Partner and their respective Affiliates and suppliers know, has reason to know, 
has been advised, or is otherwise in fact aware of any such purpose), whether 
alleged to arise by law, by reason of custom or usage in the trade, or by 
course of dealing.  Section 6 of this Agreement does not apply to Evaluation 
and Educational Licenses.

(v)     Warranties for Beta Licenses:   Licensee understands and agrees that it 
is accepting the Beta Licenses on an experimental basis for exploration 
purposes only.  Licensee further understands and agrees that it is anticipated 
that there are likely Program Deficiency(ies) in the Program(s) and that the 
occurrence of such Program Deficiencies is inherent in the technology 
exploration relationship established hereunder.  Given the nature of this 
Agreement and the Licensee's intended use as an evaluator of the Program(s), 
Licensee agrees that the Program(s) should not be relied upon at all in 
connection with the operation of any aspect of its business. LICENSEE ACCEPTS 
THE PROGRAM(S) "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  LICENSOR AND THE CHANNEL 
PARTNER AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM 
ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR REPRESENTATIONS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR 
WRITTEN), WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM(S) OR ANY PART THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS OR SUITABILITY FOR ANY PURPOSE (whether or not 
Licensor or the Channel Partner and their respective Affiliates and suppliers 
know, has reason to know, has been advised, or is otherwise in fact aware of 
any such purpose), whether alleged to arise by law, by reason of custom or 
usage in the trade, or by course of dealing.  LICENSEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE 
PROGRAM(S) LICENSED HEREUNDER IS IN AN EXPERIMENTAL STATE ONLY AND THAT THE 
PROGRAM(S) WILL PROBABLY UNDERGO SIGNIFICANT CHANGES PRIOR TO THE FINAL RELEASE 
VERSION. Licensor does not guarantee that the technology embodied in the 
Program(s) or the Feedback provided by Licensee will be offered at any time as 
a commercial software product. Section 6 of this Agreement does not apply to 
Beta Licenses.

(vi)    TECS for Beta Licenses:  During the term of this Agreement, Licensor 
may provide to Licensee such updates, fixes and other materials that are deemed 
appropriate by Licensor to assist Licensee in performing the evaluation 
specified herein. Section 9 of this Agreement does not apply to Beta Licenses.

(i)     Licensor will provide Licensee access to the Program(s) via License 
Key(s) or via some other method provided by the Licensor.  LICENSE KEYS MAY 
LIMIT THE PROGRAM(S)' USE AND REQUIRE LICENSEE TO OBTAIN NEW LICENSE KEYS FROM 
TIME TO TIME.  For periods in which Licensee is entitled to receive TECS for a 
Program, Licensee may request, at no additional charge, three (3) replacement 
License Keys per TECS period for such Program(s) due to a change of the 
Designated Network.  Licensor may charge an additional fee if Licensor agrees 
to provide replacement License Keys more than three time per TECS period or 
during periods in which Licensee is not entitled to receive TECS.

(j)     Licensee will not modify the License Key provided with the Program(s) 
in any way.  Except as expressly permitted by this Section 2(j) or as required 
by local law, Licensee will not (and will not attempt to nor allow any third 
party to or attempt to) adapt, alter, amend, modify, reverse engineer, 
decompile, disassemble or decode the whole or any part of the Program(s) or 
translate the whole or any part of the Program(s) into another language.  To 
the extent that local law expressly grants or requires Licensor to grant 
Licensee the right to decompile the Program(s) to obtain the information 
necessary to render the Program(s) interoperable with other computer programs 
used or to be created by Licensee, Licensor will make such information 
available to Licensee and Licensee will not decompile (or attempt to do so) the 
Program(s) without first requesting such information from Licensor.  Licensor 
will have the right to impose reasonable conditions (such as the imposition of 
a reasonable fee) for making the information available.  To ensure that 
Licensee receives the appropriate information, Licensee must first give 
Licensor sufficient details of Licensee's objectives and other software 
concerned.  All requests for the appropriate information will be given by 
notice to be delivered in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  
Licensee may not distribute the Program(s) (the whole or any part) to any third 
party (excluding Contract Users to the extent expressly permitted therein) or 
link or compile the Program(s) to or with any third-party software without 
Licensor's prior written permission, which consent Licensor may grant or 
withhold in its sole discretion.

(k)     Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Program(s) are subject to 
U.S. laws and other applicable laws governing the export and/or re-export of 
Program(s) including, but not limited to, the Export Administration 
Regulations, regulations promulgating financial transaction restrictions 
administered by the Office of Foreign Asset Controls of the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the United 
States Export Administration Act, the United States Trading with the Enemy Act, 
and all regulations, orders and licenses issued thereunder (collectively the 
"Export Laws").  Licensee warrants that it and its Contract Users are and will 
remain in compliance with all such Export Laws with respect to the Program(s) 
and acknowledges that Export Laws may change over time.  Licensee additionally 
warrants that it has not been, and is not currently, debarred, suspended, 
prohibited or impaired from exporting, re-exporting, receiving, purchasing, 
procuring, or otherwise obtaining any product, commodity, or technical data 
regulated by any agency of the government of the United States.  Licensee gives 
assurance that unless notice is given to Licensor, and prior authorization is 
obtained as required by the Export Laws, Licensee will not knowingly re-export, 
directly or indirectly, any Programs or any technical data transferred by 
Licensor to Licensee to any destination or person or entity in violation of the 
Export Laws or this Agreement.

(l)     If applicable, for Licensees that are U.S. Government entities, except 
as specifically granted by this Agreement, use, duplication, or disclosure by 
the United States Government is subject to restrictions stated in this 
Agreement and FAR 12.212 (for non-Department of Defense licenses).

(m)     With respect to the SCADE family of products Licensor may provide 
source code for certain components of such Program(s), which shall be treated 
as Program Confidential Information under Section 5.  In addition to the terms 
set forth in this Agreement, such source code shall also be subject to the 
additional provisions respecting such source code specifically as set forth in 
Paragraph 2 of the terms set forth at:

https://www.ansys.com/footer/terms-and-conditions/scade.



3. TERM AND TERMINATION

(a)     Lease Licenses are non-cancelable by Licensee, will commence on the 
Effective Date of Program(s), and will have a License Term that ends as of the 
expiration date specified in the License Key or, in the event the Program does 
not have a License Key, the License Term shall end at the lesser of one (1) 
year or the Program(s)' built-in expiration date .  Except as set forth below, 
at the end of the then-current License Term, the Lease License will 
automatically renew at the renewal fees agreed between Licensee and either 
Licensor or Channel Partner, as applicable, for a renewal License Term equal to 
the duration of (as applicable) the immediately preceding License Term 
(provided that the term may be extended or shortened by mutual agreement in any 
given renewal term for that License Term in order to make the License Term 
coterminous with the term of other Lease Licenses or the TECS for Paid-Up 
Licenses licensed by Licensee).  The Lease License will not renew if Licensee, 
Channel Partner, or Licensor gives prior notice of its intent to not renew.  
Licensee shall be deemed to have provided notice not to renew if Licensee does 
not issue a purchase order to Licensor or the Channel Partner for the Lease 
Licenses prior to the expiration of the then-current License Term.  Licensor 
and Channel Partner shall be deemed to have provided notice not to renew if 
Licensor or Channel Partner does not provide a renewal quotation for the Lease 
Licenses prior to the expiration of the then-current License Term.

(b)     Beta Licenses will commence on the Effective Date of the Program(s), 
and, at the end of the License Term, will automatically expire.

(c)     The license for a Paid-up License will commence on the Effective Date 
of Program(s) and will be perpetual unless terminated as provided in Sections 
3(d) below.

(d)     Licensor may terminate Lease License(s) if Licensee fails to pay the 
then-current license fees to the Channel Partner or Licensor, as applicable, 
within thirty (30) days of the due date for such payment.  In the event a Lease 
License is terminated prior to the end of the Term, no refund will be due to 
Licensee for any portion of the prepaid Lease License fee.   Licensor may 
immediately terminate this Agreement and any Program(s) license upon any of the 
following: (i) Licensee materially breaches any provision of this Agreement and 
fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of notice of such breach from 
Licensor or Channel Partner, provided that Licensor may terminate this 
Agreement and any Program(s) licenses for any material breach by Licensee that 
is not capable of being cured; (ii) Licensee ceases to do business for any 
reason; (iii) Licensee has a receiver or administrator appointed over all or 
part of its assets; (iv) Licensee becomes subject to any bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or other similar proceedings, which 
proceedings are not dismissed within fifteen (15) days thereafter; (v) the 
transfer of a majority of Licensee's assets or outstanding voting securities 
(including, without limitation, by way of merger of Licensee with or into any 
other person or entity), or the sale of Licensee's business, or any other 
transaction or series of related transactions in which the security holders of 
Licensee immediately prior to such transaction(s) do not hold at least a 
majority of the outstanding voting securities of Licensee immediately after the 
transaction(s); or (vi) any attempted assignment of this Agreement by Licensee 
without prior written approval by Licensor.  Licensee may terminate this 
Agreement and any Lease License or TECS upon any of the following: (i) Licensor 
materially breaches any provision of this Agreement or a License Form and fails 
to cure such breach within thirty (30) days of notice of such breach from 
Licensee; or (ii) Licensor ceases to do business for any reason, in which event 
Licensor will refund to Licensee a pro rata portion of the amounts paid for 
such Lease Licenses or TECS.  This Agreement may also be terminated by Licensor 
if pursuant to Section 6(e)(iii) or 7(a) all of Licensee's licenses of the 
Program(s) are terminated.

 (e)    If the license for Program(s) granted hereunder is terminated for any 
reason, Licensee will immediately uninstall the Program(s) from the computer(s) 
on which it is installed and will certify to Licensor in writing that the 
Program(s) is no longer installed and that all copies thereof have either been 
destroyed or returned to Licensor or the Channel Partner.  Licensee will 
immediately return to Licensor or the Channel Partner any information or 
material provided to Licensee in connection with the Program(s), unless 
otherwise specified by Licensor or the Channel Partner.



4. PAYMENT

For sales of licenses of the Program(s) and/or TECS in which Licensor or its 
Affiliates will receive payment, Licensee or its Affiliate will pay the 
applicable fees within thirty (30) days from the date of the invoice from 
Licensor or its Affiliate.  For any late payment, Licensor or its Affiliate (as 
applicable) may charge Licensee interest in an amount equal to the lesser of 
1.5% per month of the unpaid balance or the greatest amount legally permitted.  
For sales of Lease Licenses, Paid-Up Licenses and/or TECS in which Channel 
Partners that are not Affiliates of Licensor will receive payment, Licensee or 
its Affiliates will pay the applicable fees within thirty (30) days of receipt 
of an invoice from such Channel Partner unless otherwise agreed.  License fees 
and TECS fees quoted to Licensee are exclusive of all value added taxes, sales 
taxes, use taxes, and the like.  Licensee will pay all taxes associated with 
the transaction, exclusive of any tax based on the income of Licensor or the 
Channel Partner.  Licensee must provide a valid tax exemption certificate if 
claiming a tax exemption.



5. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

(a)     Licensee acknowledges that the Program(s) embodies confidential and 
proprietary information, including trade secrets, owned or licensed by Licensor 
or its Affiliates (the "Program Confidential Information").  For Beta Licenses, 
Program Confidential Information also includes any and all information relative 
to the Program(s) and the results of Licensee's evaluation of the Program(s).

(b)     Excluding the Program(s) and the Program Confidential Information, the 
parties agree that any other information disclosed by one party (the 
"Disclosing Party") to the other party (the "Receiving Party") under this 
Agreement that is marked or identified as confidential or given the nature of 
the information or circumstances surrounding disclosure should reasonably be 
understood to be confidential ("Other Confidential Information") and, together 
with the Program Confidential Information, ("Confidential Information") will 
remain the property of the Disclosing Party.  Any information relating to 
Licensor's, its Affiliates', technology suppliers', or Channel Partner's or to 
Licensee's or its Affiliates' business plans, strategies, technology, research 
and development, current and prospective customers, billing records, and 
products or services will be deemed Confidential Information even if not 
explicitly marked or identified.  The Receiving Party will protect the 
Confidential Information from disclosure to others using no less than a 
reasonable degree of care. The Receiving Party agrees that it will not (i) use 
the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information in any way, for its own account 
or the account of any third party, except for the exercise of its rights and 
performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or (ii) disclose any such 
Confidential Information, other than furnishing such Confidential Information 
to (a) its employees, Affiliates, Channel Partners and consultants who are 
required to have access to such Confidential Information in connection with the 
exercise of its rights and performance of its obligations under this Agreement; 
and (b) professional advisers and, in the case of Licensor, technology 
suppliers (solely for support purposes); provided that such employees, 
Affiliates, consultants, Channel Partners, professional advisers and technology 
suppliers are bound to protect the Confidential Information from unauthorized 
use and disclosure consistent with these terms.

(c)     The obligations of Section 5(b) will not extend to any information that 
the Receiving Party can demonstrate with competent evidence:

(i)     is or becomes publicly known through no fault of the Receiving Party;

(ii)    was possessed by the Receiving Party free of any obligation of 
confidentiality prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party;

(iii)   is independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of the 
Disclosing Party's Confidential Information;

(iv)    is rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party from third parties 
authorized to make such disclosure without restriction; or 

(v)     is identified as no longer confidential by the Disclosing Party.

(d)     The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent 
required by law, regulation or court order, provided that (i) the Receiving 
Party makes reasonable efforts to notify Disclosing Party in writing prior to 
disclosing the Confidential Information and takes reasonable steps to obtain 
protective treatment of the Confidential Information; and (ii) any information 
so disclosed shall continue to be treated as Confidential Information between 
the Receiving Party and Disclosing Party.  

(e)     Receiving Party has the burden of proving the exceptions in section 
5(c) above.

(f)     For disclosures between the parties within the U.S., the Disclosing 
Party shall not disclose without the Receiving Party's prior approval any 
Confidential Information that is subject to export or re-export restrictions 
that would limit the Receiving Party's ability to share such information with 
individuals working for the Receiving Party in the U.S. who are neither US 
citizens nor US green holders.

(g)     The obligations of the parties respecting Other Confidential 
Information will survive for a period of three (3) years from the date of the 
first disclosure of such Other Confidential Information.

(h)     If the parties have separately entered into a confidentiality agreement 
regarding the exchange of Other Confidential Information in connection with 
this Agreement, then the terms of that separate confidentiality agreement will 
govern the disclosure and use of Other Confidential Information between the 
parties and not this Section 5.  Any existing confidentiality agreements 
between the parties will remain in full force and effect and will not be varied 
by the terms of this Section 5.



6. WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF REMEDY

(a)     Excluding Evaluation and Educational Licenses, the warranty for which 
is as set forth in Section 2(h)(iv) and Beta Licenses,  the warranty for which 
is as set forth in Section 2(h)(v), Licensor warrants to Licensee that the 
Program(s) will perform in all material respects as specified in the Manual 
applicable to the Program(s) for the longer of ninety (90) days from the 
Effective Date of the Program(s), the License Term of the Lease License, or for 
the period during which Licensee has purchased TECS for the Paid-Up License.  
The warranty provided in this Section 6 will only apply to the two (2) most 
current releases of the Program(s).  This warranty will not apply if Licensor 
has notified Licensee in writing that Licensor no longer supports the operating 
system version on which such Program(s) is licensed.

(b)     Licensor, its Affiliates, the Channel Partner and technology suppliers 
do not warrant the accuracy or the applicability of the results obtained from 
the use of the Program(s).  No other documents or oral conversations, 
statements or representations will be offered by Licensee as evidence to 
explain, expand, alter, add to or invalidate the express warranties set forth 
above.

(c)     The warranties set forth herein are the sole warranties provided to 
Licensee and extend only to Licensee itself.  Licensor, its Affiliates, Channel 
Partners and technology suppliers will not be responsible for any breach of 
warranty caused by (i) modifications (or attempted modifications) to the 
Program(s) made by or on behalf of Licensee, or (ii) any combination of the 
Program(s) with any other software, excluding any operating systems for which 
the Program(s) are licensed to be used, or (iii) any use of the Program(s) 
other than on the Designated Network, or (iv) use of other than the most 
current release of the Program(s).

(d)     THE EXPRESS WARRANTY SET FORTH IN SECTION 6(a) OF THIS AGREEMENT IS IN 
LIEU OF, AND LICENSOR, ITS AFFILIATES, CHANNEL PARTNERS AND TECHNOLOGY 
SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OR REPRESENTATIONS 
(EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN), WITH RESPECT TO THE PROGRAM(S) OR ANY 
PART THEREOF, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR 
CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS OR 
SUITABILITY FOR ANY PURPOSE (whether or not Licensor, its Affiliates, Channel 
Partners and/or technology suppliers know, have reason to know, have been 
advised, or are otherwise in fact aware of any such purpose), whether alleged 
to arise by law, by reason of custom or usage in the trade, or by course of 
dealing.  In addition, Licensor, its Affiliates, Channel Partners and 
technology suppliers expressly disclaim any warranty or representation to any 
person other than Licensee with respect to the Program(s) or any part thereof.

(e)     If the Program(s) fails to perform in all material respects as 
warranted in this Agreement, Licensee's sole remedy will be for Licensor, at 
Licensor's option, to:

(i)     Provide a correction or work-around to correct the breach; or

(ii)    Modify the Program(s) to conform substantially to the Manual; or

(iii)   If neither (i) nor (ii) are commercially feasible, terminate the 
license for that Program(s) and/or this Agreement and require Licensee to 
return the Program(s) to Licensor, in which event Licensor will refund to 
Licensee a pro-rata portion of the amounts paid for such Program(s).  For a 
Paid-Up License, such pro-rata calculation will be based on straight-line 
depreciation over a 36-month period following the applicable delivery date.  
(iv)   Terminate the license for that Program(s) and/or this Agreement and 
require Licensee to return the Program(s) to Licensor, in which event Licensor 
will refund to Licensee a pro-rata portion of the amounts paid for such 
Program(s).  For a Paid-Up License, such pro-rata calculation will be based on 
straight-line depreciation over a 36-month period following the applicable 
delivery date.

(f)     LICENSEE'S REMEDIES AS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION ARE THE SOLE AND 
EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES TO WHICH LICENSEE IS ENTITLED.



7. INDEMNIFICATION

(a)     Licensor will defend at its expense any claim, suit or proceeding 
(each, a "Claim") brought against Licensee by any third party to the extent 
such Claim asserts that the Program(s) infringes or misappropriates the third 
party's patent, copyright, trade secret or trademark ("Infringement Claim").  
Licensor will pay all costs and damages finally awarded against Licensee by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or any settlement amounts finally agreed to by 
Licensor as a result of any such Infringement Claim; provided, however, that 
Licensee (i) promptly notifies Licensor in writing of such Infringement Claim; 
(ii) promptly gives Licensor the right to control and direct the investigation, 
preparation, defense and settlement of such Infringement Claim, with counsel of 
Licensor's own choosing (provided that Licensee will have the right to 
reasonably participate, at its own expense, in the defense of any such 
Infringement Claim); and (iii) gives assistance and full cooperation for the 
defense of same.  Licensor may, at its option, as a way of remedying any 
Infringement Claim or potential Infringement Claim, (i) replace or modify the 
Program(s) so as to avoid infringement, (ii) procure the right for Licensee to 
continue the use of the Program(s), or (iii) if neither (i) nor (ii) are 
commercially feasible, Licensor may terminate any licenses to the Program(s) 
and/or this Agreement and require Licensee to return the Program(s) to 
Licensor, in which event Licensor will refund to Licensee a pro rata portion of 
the amounts paid for such Program(s).  For a Paid-Up License, such pro rata 
calculation will be based on straight-line depreciation over a 36-month period 
following the applicable delivery date.

(b)     This indemnity will not apply to any Infringement Claim based upon or 
arising from (i) use of the Program(s) in a manner for which it was not 
designed or not in accordance with the Manual, (ii) use of the Program(s), when 
use of a subsequent software release that Licensor has made commercially 
available would have avoided such infringement; (iii) any combination of the 
Program(s) with any other software, excluding any operating system for which 
the Program(s) are licensed to be used or (iv) Licensee's continued use of the 
Program(s) subsequent to receipt of notice of any claimed infringement. This 
Section 7 is Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy and sets forth Licensor's 
entire liability and obligations with respect to any Infringement Claim.

(c)     For the purposes of Section 8(a), all damages awarded against Licensee 
or settlement amounts agreed to by Licensor in connection with Licensor's 
indemnification obligations set forth in Section 7(a) will be treated as direct 
damages,



8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY

(a)     SUBJECT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LICENSOR, ITS 
AFFILIATES, CHANNEL PARTNERS AND SUPPLIERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR 
ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY 
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES.  Except for Licensor's obligations set forth 
in Section 7(a) and for Licensor's material breach of Section 5, in no event 
will Licensor's, its Affiliates', Channel Partners' and technology suppliers' 
aggregate liability to Licensee exceed the greater of (i) $5,000 U.S. Dollars 
or (ii)(1) in the case of a Paid-Up License, the license fee initially paid for 
such Paid-Up License  (not including any TECS fees or other fees) or, (2) in 
the case of a Lease License, the license fee paid for such Lease License during 
the preceding twelve (12) months.  Licensee acknowledges that given all the 
circumstances, the limits on Licensor's liability are reasonable because of, 
among other things, the likelihood that without those limitations the amount of 
damages awardable to Licensee for a breach by Licensor or Channel Partner of 
this Agreement may be disproportionately greater than the license fees paid or 
payable for the Program(s).  For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee is entirely 
responsible for keeping full back up copies of its software, data and database 
configurations in accordance with best industry practice.  The foregoing 
limitations of liability apply regardless of whether the parties have been 
advised of the likelihood of such damages or losses and regardless of the 
theory of liability.

(b)     Each of Licensor's Affiliates, Channel Partners and technology 
suppliers may rely upon and enforce the exclusions and restrictions of 
liability in this Section 8 in that entity's own name and for that entity's own 
benefit against Licensee and its Affiliates solely as it relates to liability 
arising against such parties under this Agreement.

(c)     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Licensor 
does not limit its liability (if any) to Licensee for any matter which it would 
be illegal for Licensor to exclude or to attempt to exclude its liability, but 
nothing in this clause confers any right or remedy upon the other party to 
which it would not otherwise be entitled.

(d)     The Program(s) is a mathematical analysis tool intended to assist 
Licensee in Licensee's development and design processes and requires 
considerable skill and judgment for its correct use and for the interpretation 
of the computed results. The Program(s) is not intended to be nor is it a 
substitute for rigorous and comprehensive prototype or other testing by 
Licensee of products prior to production and sale.



9. TECHNICAL ENHANCEMENTS AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT (TECS)

(a)     Excluding Beta Licenses, TECS will consist of (i) reasonable telephone, 
e-mail or web-based support respecting the use of the Program(s) ("Customer 
Support"); and (ii) Program releases or corrections provided by Licensor 
without additional charge to TECS customers generally ("Technical 
Enhancements").  Customer Support will be provided by Licensor, its Affiliate 
or Channel Partner (as applicable).  Technical Enhancements will be provided by 
Licensor at such times as determined solely by Licensor.  With regard to the 
SCADE family of products for which Licensee is current on TECS, if Licensee 
determines that there is a problem with such Program(s) that it cannot resolve 
internally, Licensee shall contact its Channel Partner, Affiliate or Licensor, 
as applicable.  At that time, Licensee will contact the Channel Partner and/or 
Affiliate and/or Licensor, as applicable, to inform it of the problem report 
("PR") and will work with the Channel Partner, Affiliate and/or Licensor, as 
applicable, to help reproduce the problem.  From the date on which Licensee and 
the Channel Partner, Affiliate or Licensor, as applicable, are able to 
reproduce the problem, the Channel Partner, Affiliate and/or Licensor, as 
applicable, shall use reasonable commercial efforts to attain an average time 
to resolution for a PR as follows: (i) within ten (10) working days for all 
Severity One PRs; and (ii) within thirty (30) calendar days for all Severity 
Two PRs.  A "Severity One PR" is a reported problem with the Program such that 
the Licensee is unable to use the Program that results in a stoppage of all of 
Licensee's design or production progress for which such Program(s) are used.  A 
"Severity Two PR" is a reported problem with the Program such that the Licensee 
cannot use some portion of the Program but is able to continue to work on other 
aspects of design or production.

(b)     For a Lease License, TECS is included as part of the Lease License fee. 

(c)     For a Paid-up License (excluding Named User Licenses), installation 
support will be provided without charge for thirty (30) days from the Effective 
Date of Program.  For Paid-up Licenses currently on TECS, Licensor or Channel 
Partner will provide TECS.  Except as set forth below, at the end of the 
then-current TECS period, TECS will automatically renew at the prior year's 
TECS rate plus an increase consistent with the increase in the price of the 
associated Program(s) for a renewal term of a like duration.  TECS will not 
renew if Licensee, Channel Partner, or Licensor gives prior notice of its 
intent to not renew.  Licensee shall be deemed to have provided notice not to 
renew if Licensee does not issue a purchase order to Licensor or the Channel 
Partner for TECS prior to the expiration of the then-current TECS period.  
Licensor and Channel Partner shall be deemed to have provided notice not to 
renew if Licensor or Channel Partner does not provide a renewal Quotation for 
TECS prior to the expiration of the then-current TECS period.  TECS that does 
not automatically renew but that is purchased in the same configuration within 
three (3) within three (3) months of the expiration date of the last TECS 
period shall not require a new License Form to be signed for such TECS as the 
terms of this Agreement will be deemed to continue to apply from the new start 
date of such TECS.  Except as specifically set forth in this Agreement, if TECS 
is terminated prior to the end of the term, Licensee shall not be entitled to 
any refund for any portion of the prepaid TECS fee. (d)    For a Paid-Up 
License, telephone or email assistance for Program installation will be 
provided without charge for thirty (30) days from the Effective Date of 
Program(s).  In consideration for payment of the then-current TECS fees, TECS 
for a Paid-Up License will be provided by the Channel Partner or Licensor.  
TECS will automatically renew at the then-current renewal fees for a renewal 
term equal to the duration of the immediately preceding term unless Licensee, 
Channel Partner, or Licensor gives prior written notice of its intent to 
terminate TECS no later than 30 days prior to the end of the TECS term.  TECS 
will terminate automatically upon Licensee's failure to: (i) deliver a valid 
purchase order or (2) pay the then-current TECS renewal fees to Channel Partner 
or Licensor. In the event TECS is terminated prior to the end of the term, no 
refund will be due to Licensee for any portion of the prepaid TECS fee.

(d)     For any WAN License, Licensor or its Channel Partners shall provide 
TECS to the Designated Site and any other Licensee site identified in the 
quotation as being entitled to receive TECS.  Provided that there are no 
material changes to the WAN License (including any change in the Program(s) 
that are accessible or to the number of licenses of the Program(s) that are 
accessible), the TECS fee for any extension agreed to between the parties shall 
not increase over the then-immediate year's TECS Fee for the WAN Licenses in 
the aggregate by more than five percent (5%) per year.

(e)     TECS does not include any database set-up or configuration.  For Named 
User Licenses, TECS also does not include any Program installation support.

(f)     Licensor and the Channel Partner have no obligation to provide TECS: 
(i) for other than the two most recent commercially available releases of each 
Program(s); (ii) for any Program(s) that have been altered, damaged or modified 
by Licensee or on Licensee's behalf; (iii) for any applications, models or 
other customizations provided by Licensor or Channel Partner as part of a 
consulting services engagement; or (iv) for any problems caused by Licensee's 
negligence or use of the Program(s) other than in accordance with the Manual 
and this Agreement.

(g)     If TECS on a Program license is discontinued by Licensee for more than 
three (3) months, Licensor shall have no obligation to permit reinstatement of 
TECS on such Program license.  Except as otherwise agreed between the parties, 
Licensor's election to permit reinstatement shall be subject to Licensor's 
then-current TECS reinstatement policy.

(h)     For Named User Licenses, Customer Support will be provided to Licensee 
and its Affiliates at their locations specified in the Quotation.



10. MISCELLANEOUS

(a)     All notices required in this Agreement will be given in writing to all 
parties and delivered by registered mail or another established delivery 
service (such as UPS or FedEx), or mutually agreed equivalent.  Notices will be 
effective when received as indicated on the registered mail or other delivery 
receipt.  All notices will be given by Licensee to Licensor at the following 
address:  ANSYS, Inc., Legal Department, 2600 ANSYS Drive, Canonsburg, PA 
15317. All notices will be given by Licensor to Licensee at any location where 
Licensee conducts business, unless Licensee has previously notified Licensor of 
a specific address for notices.

(b)     Licensee will not assign this Agreement to any third party by operation 
of law, or in bankruptcy, or otherwise without prior written consent of 
Licensor.  This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
parties hereto and their respective successors, permitted assigns and permitted 
transferees. 

(c)     Licensor, upon reasonable notice to Licensee, at Licensor's own cost 
and no more than one (1) time per year, may have a third-party independent 
auditing firm review and examine license usage.  Licensee shall provide the 
auditing firm access to (i) Licensee's premises during business hours and upon 
reasonable notice and (ii) all relevant data, files and information.

(d)     The provisions of Sections 2(j), 2(k), 2(l), 3(e), 4, 5, 6(d), 6(e), 
6(f), 7, 8, 10 and 13 will survive termination of this Agreement or any 
individual Program(s) license.

(e)     The rights and obligations of the parties hereto will be governed by 
the substantive law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, excluding the United 
Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods and choice of law 
provisions.  If Pennsylvania law is not held to apply to this Agreement for any 
reason, then in jurisdictions where warranties, guaranties, representations or 
and/or conditions of any type may not be disclaimed, any such warranty, 
guaranty, representation and/or warranty is hereby limited to the thirty (30) 
days or the shortest period allowed by law, whichever is greater.

(f)     The parties hereto consent to the venue and jurisdiction of the federal 
and state courts maintaining jurisdiction over Washington County, Pennsylvania 
for purposes of any legal proceedings arising under or relating to this 
Agreement.

(g)     Because the Program(s) is unique and valuable and breach of this 
Agreement may result in irreparable injury to Licensor for which monetary 
damages alone may not be an adequate remedy, Licensor will be entitled to seek 
specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a remedy for 
any breach or anticipated breach of this Agreement without the necessity of 
posting a bond.  Any such relief will be in addition to all other legal and 
equitable remedies.

(h)     If any provision of this Agreement will be invalid, such provision will 
be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity without invalidating the 
remainder of this Agreement.

(i)     Any failure of any party to enforce any of the provisions of this 
Agreement will not be construed as a waiver of such right of the party 
thereafter to enforce each and every such provision.

(j)     The parties have required that this Agreement be drawn up in English.

(k)     EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO BETA LICENSES, IN THE EVENT LICENSEE HAS 
PREVIOUSLY AGREED IN WRITING TO A SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH LICENSOR THAT 
SPECIFICALLY GOVERNS USE OF THE PROGRAM(S), SUCH SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT 
WILL SUPERSEDE AND REPLACE THIS AGREEMENT, AND THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE VOID.  If 
Licensee has not previously agreed in writing to a software license agreement 
with Licensor that specifically governs use of the Program(s), then: this 
Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement 
between the parties and supersedes all proposals, oral or written, and all 
other communications between the parties relating to the subject matter of this 
Agreement. This Agreement supersedes the terms of any click-wrap, shrink-wrap, 
or break-the-seal license agreement included in any Program(s) package. Except 
as specifically provided herein, this Agreement may be modified only by a 
written amendment executed by duly authorized officers or representatives of 
the parties. The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement will take 
precedence over any conflicting provisions contained in any quotation, 
appendix, exhibit, or document incorporating this Agreement by reference. No 
purchase order, procurement agreement or any other standardized business forms 
issued by Licensee, and even if such purchase order, procurement agreement or 
other standardized business forms provides that it takes precedence over any 
other agreement between the parties, shall be effective to contradict, modify, 
or delete from the terms of this Agreement in any manner whatsoever. Any 
acknowledgment, written or oral, of any such purchase order, procurement 
agreement or standardized business form is not recognized as a subsequent 
writing and will not act as acceptance of such terms.



11. LICENSE COMPLIANCE SOFTWARE

Licensee is aware that Licensor may embed the Program(s) with third-party 
license compliance technology ("License Compliance Technology") that reports 
information to both the third-party licensor of the License Compliance 
Technology ("Technology Provider") and Licensor relating to unique user and 
network identification with respect to the use of the Program(s) (including, 
but not limited to, user names, e-mail addresses, IP addresses and the domains 
from which the use of the Program(s) originated).  Licensor and the Technology 
Provider collect such information if modifications to certain code files of the 
Program(s) have been made or that the Program(s) are being accessed by a 
License Key that was not authorized by Licensor.

 

12. DATA ANALYTICS

Licensee is aware that as part of Licensor's Program(s)improvement process 
Licensor may obtain feedback from the Program(s) regarding the hardware profile 
and operating system of Licensee's users, internal errors that are arising with 
respect to the Program(s) and the regions of functionality of the Program(s) 
that Licensee is using.  



13. DATA

(a)     The terms of this Section 13 apply only with respect to any licenses 
that Licensee may procure of Program(s) containing Data.

(b)     Excluding Databases associated with Named User Licenses, Licensee may 
not download any Database and may only permit its employees and Contract Users 
to download any Data that Licensee currently needs.  Excluding Databases 
associated with Named User Licenses, after termination of any license enabling 
Licensee to access Data, with respect to Data that Licensee has downloaded or 
used, Licensee shall not further access any such Data for the purpose of taking 
any additional materials-related decisions or analyses or otherwise analyzing 
any material properties contained in the Data.

(c)     Licensee may add its own information to certain of the Program(s) 
containing Data.  Licensee is aware that upon expiration or termination of any 
license of any such Program, Licensee will no longer have access through the 
Program to any such information.  In the event that Licensee has no other 
copies of such information, Licensee understands that should it desire to have 
access to such information it should take measures to ensure that it makes 
copies of any of its information in a manner that is accessible by Licensee 
without use of the Program(s) before the license of any such Program terminates 
or expires.



