Pointwise, Inc.
www.pointwise.com
RIGHT TO USE LICENSE AGREEMENT
June 3, 2018
1. DEFINITIONS.
(a) “Licensed Software” means any computer program(s) supplied by Pointwise, Inc. (PWI) to Licensee
under a valid Purchase Order or Contract, whether in object code, reconfigurable binary, or any other form;
video media and training aids; and any backup or other copies, updates, derivative works, modifications,
enhancements, and extensions thereof.
(b) “Documentation” means user manuals, documentation binders, release notes, installation notes, written
utility programs and other written or graphic materials related to the Licensed Software and all copies
thereof.
(c) “Licensed Product(s)” means the Licensed Software and Documentation.
2. LICENSE.
PWI grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Licensed Products in
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the terms of the Purchase Order or Contract.
As long as this License is in effect, Licensee may transfer its use of the Licensed Products to a replacement
computer system on a temporary or permanent basis, provided that Licensee gives PWI written notice of
such transfer.
3. COPIES AND MODIFICATIONS.
Licensee may copy the Licensed Products in whole or in part, in written or machine readable form for use
in understanding the Licensed Software and for archive or backup purposes. Licensee shall reproduce and
include PWI’s trade secret or copyright notices on and in any copies, in any form. Licensee shall not reverse
assemble, reverse compile or otherwise reverse engineer the Licensed Software in whole or in part.
The License includes the right to reproduce the Licensed Software’s documentation exclusively for the use
of Licensee and its employees only. All other reproduction and distribution is strictly prohibited.
4. OWNERSHIP.
All Licensed Products and the information they contain, any updates and all copies of them are PWI’s or
PWI’s licensors’ property, and title to them remains in PWI or such licensors. All applicable rights in
patents, copyrights or trade secrets in the Licensed Products are and will remain in PWI and PWI’s
licensors. No title to or ownership of the Licensed Software or the information they contain is transferred
to Licensee. Licensee agrees that any terms and conditions imposed by PWI’s licensor and communicated
by PWI to Licensee, shall apply to the Licensed Products.
5. CONFIDENTIALITY.
(a) Licensee will take all reasonable precautions to maintain the confidentiality of the Licensed Products,
and agrees to take all reasonable and necessary steps to protect the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade
secrets and any other forms of intellectual or industrial property of PWI in the Licensed Products.
(b) Licensee will not provide the Licensed Products to any person, other than employees of Licensee,
without PWI’s prior written consent, except during the period any such person is on Licensee’s premises
with Licensee’s permission for purposes specifically related to Licensee’s use of the Licensed Products.
6. COPYRIGHT AND PATENT INDEMNITY.
PWI warrants and represents to Licensee that, to the best of PWI’s knowledge, the Licensed Products do
not infringe any patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret. In the event any legal proceedings are brought
against Licensee claiming an infringement of a patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret based on
Licensee’s use of the Licensed Products, PWI agrees to defend at PWI’s own expense any such legal
proceeding relating to such claim or claims and to hold Licensee harmless from any damage incurred or
awarded as the result of settlement or judgment against Licensee, provided Licensee gives PWI prompt
written notice within fifteen (15) days of any such claim or the institution of any such claims against
Licensee, and further, Licensee cooperates completely with PWI in providing all necessary authority,
information, and reasonable assistance to enable PWI, at PWI’s option, to settle or defend such claims.
7. U.S. EXPORT COMPLIANCE AND INDEMNITY
Licensee agrees to comply fully with all U.S. export laws and regulations concerning the purchase and sale
of Licensed Software. In particular, Licensee agrees that any Licensed Software purchased from PWI shall
not be exported, re-exported, transferred, used, sold, resold, delivered, diverted, or retransferred, directly
or indirectly, contrary to United States government export control laws, regulations, policies, and executive
orders.
Without limiting the foregoing, any PWI Licensed Software is prohibited for export, re-export, or transfer
to embargoed countries of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and Crimea (Ukraine/Russia), as well as to
persons, organizations, entities, or end-users listed on U.S. government denial lists published by the U.S.
Departments of Commerce, Treasury, or State. Additionally, absent an authorization from the U.S.
government or as permitted under the Export Administration Regulations, the Licensed Software is
prohibited for export, re-export, or transfer to any person or entity which will use it for end-uses proscribed
by U.S. export control regulations, including certain chemical and biological weapons, missiles, rocket
systems and unmanned aerial vehicles, nuclear activities, maritime nuclear propulsion, and terrorism-
related activities.
Licensee also agrees to indemnify PWI for any costs, including but not limited to penalties, damages,
claims, demands, losses, or attorney’s fees and costs, that PWI may incur as a result of any potential or
actual violation of this provision by Licensee.
8. LIMITATION OF WARRANTY AND LIABILITY.
PWI warrants that the Licensed Products will perform substantially in accordance with all written
specifications furnished to Licensee by PWI if properly used. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, PWI DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH REGARD TO THE
LICENSED PRODUCTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN
NO EVENT SHALL PWI BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR ANY OTHER
PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE LICENSED
PRODUCTS EVEN IF PWI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND
REGARDLESS OF THE FAULT OR NEGLIGENCE OF PWI. PWI’s liability to Licensee for damages
shall not exceed the amount of the license fee paid by Licensee to PWI.
The Licensed Software may include TetMesh-GHS3D, a product of Distene S.A.S. PWI agrees to hold
Distene harmless for and against any claims arising out of or resulting from the use of the Licensed Software
with TetMesh-GHS3D as an included option.
9. MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT.
(a) PWI will be responsible for providing corrections for programming errors and periodic software
updates only during the term set forth in the purchase order or contract. The specific policy for software
updates and enhancement varies on a per product basis. PWI warrants that when providing maintenance
and support it will use reasonable efforts to remedy defects in the unaltered Licensed Software made known
to it by Licensee. PWI does not warrant that the Licensed Products will meet all requirements of Licensee,
or that the operation of the Licensed Software will be uninterrupted or error free, or that all software defects
will be corrected.
(b) During the Maintenance Period, PWI agrees to make telephone and email support available to Licensee.
These services may be provided by PWI or a designated third party.
10. TERMINATION.
Licensee may terminate this License upon thirty (30) days written notice to PWI. PWI may terminate this
License for any material breach by Licensee of the terms and conditions contained herein upon thirty (30)
days written notice to Licensee. Licensee will have thirty (30) days from the date of such notice to cure the
breach, and if the breach is cured to the satisfaction of PWI, this License will remain in full force and effect.
Upon termination, Licensee shall promptly: (i) discontinue use of the Licensed Products; (ii) remove the
Licensed Products from any software in Licensee’s possession or control that incorporates or uses the
Licensed Products in whole or in part; (iii) erase or destroy any of the Licensed Products contained in the
computer memory or data storage apparatus under the control of Licensee. Licensee’s obligations under
Section 6 shall survive any termination of this License.
11. GENERAL TERMS.
The entire agreement between the parties is contained herein and in a valid Purchase Order or Contract,
which supersede all proposals, oral or written, and all other communications between the parties relating to
this Agreement and it may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall constitute an
original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. This Agreement is
not assignable by Licensee without prior written permission from PWI. The section headings and
subheadings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this
Agreement. PWI shall not be liable for any failure or delay in performance due in whole or in part to any
cause beyond PWI’s control.
This Agreement and all transactions under it shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. All
claims arising under or related to this Right to Use License, Purchase Order or Contract shall be settled
finally and exclusively by arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association (AAA). Arbitration shall take place in Dallas, Texas and be administered by the
AAA’s Dallas, Texas office.
